"Serious_2020"

The Random Forest model that had been trained on traffic incident data from 2013-2019
was not able to predict serious traffic incidents in 2020 at all. Especially at the very beginning of
the pandemic, the actual serious accidents were far below what the model predicted for the majority of the year.

"Serious_2021"

However, in 2021, the actual serious crashes were much closer to the predictions throughout the year.

"Pedestrians_2020" & "Pedestrians_2021"

Interestingly, crashes involving pedestrians continued to stay low in 2021 in contrast. After a dip in early 2020, the
actual crashes involving pedestrians did not reach the model's prediction at any point in 2020 or 2021.

"Crashes_by_Day_of_Week" & "Crashes_by_Hour"

Looking at crashes by the day of the week and the hour shows that, while crashes were down during the COVID pandemic,
traffic patterns remained the same. During COVID, crashes increased throughout the week, peaking
on Fridays and Saturdays, and then decreasing again on Sunday -- which is the same pattern found in pre-COVID data, even
though COVID crashes were much less overall. Similarly, evening rush hour (5-7 pm) was the most dangerous
time to drive both before and during COVID, despite a decrease across the board in number of crashes.

"Crashes_by_Month"

The average number of all crashes per month in 2013-2019 far surpassed crashes in 2020 or 2021. You can see
a sharp drop in March of 2020, and throughout the next two years as many are working remotely, crashes remain lower despite an
increase in Austin's population. This, coupled with the fact that the patterns of crashes remained the same, suggests that the
best way to decrease crashes is to simply have fewer cars on the road. COVID did not affect when people crash, but just decreased
their likelihood by keeping former commuters at home. The only question that remains is why, if crashes overall are still down, and crashes
involving pedestrians are down, why are serious crashes back up to pre-pandemic levels? It could be the result of reckless driving
caused by stress, or that people who are primarily working from home are worse at driving than before.
